what would you do if you discovered guns
drilled to both of your hands welcome to
recap in minutes we will be going through a 2019
movie titled gun akimbo watch out and take care
the film opens with a virtual floating head
criticizing society for enjoying stories
videos and news articles on subjects like murder
and chaos because it distracts them from their own
miserable lives the answer to this is akizm an
underground fight club where people are pitted
against one another to the death wall viewers
all across the country watch for entertainment
the top player is nix the game's deadliest
and craziest killer who is frequently tasked
with going against other challengers but she
always manages to brutally kill all of them
then there is a guy called miles a mild-mannered
computer programmer ultimate online troll hunter
who keeps to himself and always
flicking through the social media
plays videos games until it is time to sleep
he works a dull job for an obnoxious jerk named
Zander he spends his free time behind the
keyboard trolling the trolls on the internet
one night miles randomly stumbles upon something
online where he discovers the underground
entertainment platform picks random psychos
weirdos and criminals and made them fight each
other to the death and the internet loves it he
does what he knows best by logging into the skizm
message board to insult viewers to his dismay
a skizm admin manages to track his ip address
forcing miles to shut off his laptop he
then gets a message from his ex-girlfriend
nova alexander whose picture he accidentally liked
earlier they plan to meet the following morning at
a park he dreams about being in a park with nova
where she draws a tattoo on his arm and kisses him
miles gets a rude awakening from the door it skizm
ceo riktor and his goon dane effie and f-face
they break into his apartment and riktor finally
meets the troll they smash his laptop beak him
and then tranquilize him next morning when miles
wakes up he finds that he has guns bolted to both
of his hands with 50 rounds each he tries to
get his phone and mistakenly pull the trigger
causes him to throw up and react to
the deafening sound of the gunshot
he freaks out and gets a message informing him
that he has to kill nix within 24 hours meanwhile
nix is currently on a mission to complete a
drug-fueled job by massacring a number of goons
just after she completes the mission the polices
arrive the scene and she escapes she also gets a
message from riktor from his underground hiding
place notifying her to go after miles stating
that this will be her last job before she is free
from skizm the next day nix goes in disguised into
a police station to track miles phone and also
to her surprise she can't find him having any
criminal record still at his apartment miles finds
it difficult to get dressed and then decides to
leaves with no pants until nix finds his apartment
she starts to shoot at him and he tries to reason
with nix but she attempts to kill him there
miles distract her and manages to make an escape
miles goes out into the street while trying
to obscure the guns he goes to two cops for
help but naturally they draw their guns
on him when they see him hold them up
skizm drones capture the scene as
viewers tuning to make fun of miles
he is forced to run and hide in an alley
during the chase he accidentally shoots a cop
but helps cover up his wound before running away
after unsuccessfully attempt to recruit help from
the police miles manages to meet nova in the park
before nix can find him when nova tells miles that
she doesn't want to get back together and she
would drive him home he tries to explain himself
he shows her the guns leading her to freak out
and pepper spray him before running out of her car
miles ends up in an alley again and just decides
to blow his brains out until a homeless man named
glenjamin stops him because the angle is
off and he would just blow his face off
glenjamin helps miles stress himself and gives him
a dirty hot dog as food before he goes to continue
looking for help nova ends up at a police station
and report the situation to detective to degraves
after she leaves to degraves and his partners
stanton and hack into novas phone to track miles
but their main target is nix miles goes to his
job to get help from his co-worker hadley to
remove the tracker from his phone Zander then
comes to chew miles out again until he finally
loses it and get asserted by angrily pulling his
guns on Zander to tell him to stop being imperious
before Zander can turn over a new leaf nix shows
up and puts a bullet in his head and starts
shooting up the office she shoots at miles who
escapes by stealing a car she chases after him on
a motorcycle where they have a road rage causing
an accident luckily miles escapes and nix catches
him in an abandoned building miles tries to reason
with nix but she continues to try and kill him
he shoots at something that explodes which briefly
distracts nix as it triggers her ptsd of previous
incident when she was young which gives miles the
opportunity to shoot her but instead leaves the
scene miles calls nova as he tries to explain
himself again but riktor and his goons break
in and kidnap her they order miles to kill nix
or they will kill nova he phones the police and
leaves his mobile in a junk car to provide the
location as he runs off he stumbles into a drug
drop between two rival gang and all the guys
involved trying to kill him until nix shows up
and pumps everyone full of lead miles accidentally
shoots one of the main dealers in the neck where
he slowly and painfully dies and it clearly messes
him up to graves and stand find miles and arrest
him he thinks they will take him to the hospital
but degrades says they need him to get next to go
to them he reveals that nix is his daughter he
once put riktor behind bars but when he got out
he targeted degraves's family with a car bomb he
pulled his daughter out but lost his wife and son
his daughter nix grew up to be insane as she
targeted riktor and got caught up in skizm
stanton then shoots to degraves in the head he
is a mole working for riktor and shows miles a
video message from riktor stating that he has a
half hour to kill nix or nova dies miles goes to
a gamer cafe and gets one of the ladies there to
help hack into nova's phone to track her location
the lady recognizes miles and tells him that he is
skizm's most viewed player and viewers have dubbed
him gun akimbo miles rushes to the location and
finds riktor and the three goons there they appear
to shoot nova in the head to taunt miles but he
removes the bag off their head to see that it's
hadley miles goes to another location out in the
open where nix finds him he suggests they team
up against riktor but suddenly she appears to
shoot him dead viewers appear disappointed in
miles death he is brought in by a cleanup crew to
skizm headquarters where miles shoots two of the
villains in the head nix then meets him there as
they planned rewind to write before the shooting
where miles had waited for nix to reveal that
he knows riktor killed her family and shows her
degraves body they teamed up to take skizm down
together and set miles up to wear a kevlar vest
miles and nix get into the building and start
shooting all of riktor henchmen the two reveal
themselves to the camera to let riktor and viewers
know that they are alive and coming for them but
miles also takes an opportunity to tell everyone
watching how screwed up they are for encouraging
all this not that they care meanwhile riktor gets
really angry and orders dane and effie to go down
to kill miles and nix effie pins miles down but
he manages to shoot her in the head dane and
nix get into combat where dane severs two of her
fingers and almost bashes her with a hammer but
nix smorts some drugs and gets powered up taking
the hammer and smashing dane's bones he tries to
blow them up with a gas tank but miles comes in
to finish the job even though nix told him not to
more henchmen go after them as riktor tries to
take nova with him on a chopper with the odds not
in their favor nix decides to go out on her own
terms after telling miles to kill riktor for her
she runs out shooting the henchman while getting
shot herself before running up to f-face while
strapped with explosives blowing herself a face
and every other goon to kingdom come miles follows
a message left by nova to lead him to the roof he
catches riktor before they get away and he wastes
his last bullet trying to shoot riktor he shoots
miles three times but he continues moving toward
him nova manages to free herself and miles pistol
whips riktor before throwing him over the ledge
as he hangs on riktor tells miles that skizm is
going to go global as a major franchise miles
loosens riktor's grip and sends him plummeting
to his death viewers everywhere cheer miles's
victory he has a brief fantasy where nova runs
back to him but this is due to major blood loss
and she is actually horrified to have seen
him kill riktor later on miles gets the guns
removed from his hands while he and nova don't
get back together she has created a gun akimbo
comic book based on him portraying him as a hero
he is now tracking skizm activity across the world
making it his duty to take them all down
thanks for watching please don't forget to
subscribe and turn on the notification bell
to get noticed when a new video is uploaded